feat(nexus3): Add custom pod labels to config job (#1266)
stevehipwell/helm-charts: charts/nexus3/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

### Added

> - Added `config.job.podLabels` to support custom pod labels for the configuration job ([#1265](https://github.com/stevehipwell/helm-charts/issues/1265)) _@jonathanchavez_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `config.job.podLabels` value to support custom pod labels for the configuration job. ([#1265](https://github.com/stevehipwell/helm-charts/issues/1265)) _@jonathanchavez_
```
